update README.md (#23)
greenscale-nandesh/if-unofficial-models: src/lib/kepler-importer/README.md

# Kepler-importer

> The Kepler-importer plugin addresses the need for accurately measuring the energy consumption of bare metal Kubernetes clusters through the CNCF's Kepler project, which utilizes RAPL for energy monitoring. It facilitates the integration of Prometheus-collected Kepler metrics into the Impact Framework, enabling the computation of the SCI score for Kubernetes-deployed workloads. This process involves fetching metrics via a Prometheus server, normalizing the data through the Kepler importer plugin, and using official IF SCI models to calculate the SCI score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kepler-importer plugin addresses the need for accurately measuring the energy consumption of Kubernetes clusters through the CNCF's [Kepler](https://github.com/sustainable-computing-io/kepler) project, which utilizes RAPL for energy monitoring on bare metal clusters. It facilitates the integration of Prometheus-collected Kepler metrics into the Impact Framework, enabling the computation of the SCI score for Kubernetes-deployed workloads. This process involves fetching metrics via a Prometheus server, normalizing the data through the Kepler importer plugin, and using official IF SCI models to calculate the SCI score.
```

I reworded slightly because Kepler also has an estimation mode for when RAPL is not available.
https://sustainable-computing.io/design/power_model/

## Prerequisites

### 1. Set up Kepler and a Prometheus Monitoring System

> Ensure you have a Kepler configured and Prometheus monitoring system running and accessible. This system should collect metrics relevant to the Kepler's operation, such as container metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you have Kepler [installed](https://sustainable-computing.io/installation/kepler-helm/) and your Prometheus monitoring system is running and accessible. This system should collect metrics relevant to the Kepler's operation, such as container metrics.
```

### 2. Configure Prometheus for Kepler Observations

> The Kepler Importer uses Prometheus metrics to assess the energy and carbon footprint of specified resources. Configure Prometheus to collect and expose the necessary metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kepler Importer plugin uses Prometheus metrics to assess the energy and carbon footprint of specified resources. Kepler will install a service monitor to configure Prometheus to collect and expose the necessary metrics. If these metrics are not present check the Kepler [troubleshooting docs](https://sustainable-computing.io/usage/trouble_shooting/).
```

#### Add credentials to `.env`

Create a `.env` file in the IF project root directory. This is where you can store your prometheus authentication details if you use basic auth. Your `.env` file should look as follows:

```txt
PROMETHEUS_USERNAME: <your-prometheus-username>
PROMETHEUS_PASSWORD: <your-pormetheus-password
```

### 3. Define Observation and Resource Parameters

Prepare the necessary parameters, such as the observation window and the Prometheus endpoint, along with details about the resources you want to monitor (e.g., container namespaces and names).

> ## Congifuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration
```
